Add Attribution destination (#575)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/attribution/attribution.mdx

| **Connection Mode** | **Web**       | **Mobile**    | **Server**    |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :------------ | :------------ |
| **Device Mode**     | -         | -         | -         |
| **Cloud mode**      | **Supported** | **Supported** | **Supported** |

<div class="infoBlock">

To know more about the difference between the cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</a> guide.
</div>

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Attribution, follow these steps:

1. From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/), add a source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **Attribution**.
2. Assign a name to the destination and click on **Continue**.
3. Select the data source and click on **Next**.
- Enter the Attribution Project key to configure the destination.
- Your Attribution destination is now configured and enabled.

## Identify

> The `identify` call lets you associate a visiting user to their actions as well as record their traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`identify`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/identify/) call lets you associate a visiting user to their actions. It also lets you record the traits about them like their name, email address, etc.
```

<div class="infoBlock">

> As a best practice, please make sure that the `identify`call is made at the start of every session or page load for logged-in users, if possible. This will ensure all the latest traits are captured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a best practice, make sure that the <code class="inline-code">identify</code> call is made at the start of every session or page load for logged-in users. This will ensure all the latest user traits are captured.
```

</div>

A sample `identify` call is as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify("userid", {
  name: "Alex Keener",
  email: "alex@example.com",
  phone: "+1-202-555-0146",
  birthday: "01/24/1982",
  gender: "Male",
  avatar: "https://www.gravatar.com/avatar/alex",
  title: "Mr",
})
```

> <div class="infoBlock">

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> For more information on the <code class="inline-code">identify</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Track

> The `track` call allows you to record the customer events, i.e. the actions that they perform, along with their associated properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`track`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/track/) call lets you capture user events along with the properties associated with them.
```

A sample `track` call is as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("Order Completed", {
  revenue: 77.6,
})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the <code class="inline-code">track</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

</div>

## Page

> The `page` call lets you record your website's page views, with any additional relevant information about the viewed page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`page`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/page/) call lets you record your website's page views with any additional relevant information about the viewed page.
```

---
# slug: "/docs/destinations/attribution/attribution"
title: "Attribution"

> description: Step-by-step guide to send event data from RudderStack to Attribution

Reviewer: @mgz we've made some minor tweaks to our destination template - adding suggestions to the content accordingly.

> description: Step-by-step guide to send event data from RudderStack to Attribution

Author: Thanks👍

---

# Attribution

> [Attribution](https://attributionapp.com) is a marketing analytics platform that provides single and multi-touch attribution. It offers the ability to view your true marketing ROI, understand your marketing funnel and view your full customer paths. Additionally, Attribution offers a Data Export feature where it exports all your raw data of campaigns and visitors for your Data Science team to analyze and unlock trends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Attribution](https://attributionapp.com) is a marketing analytics platform that provides single and multi-touch attribution. It offers the ability to view your true marketing ROI, understand your marketing funnel and view your full customer paths. Additionally, Attribution offers a [Data Export](https://www.attributionapp.com/dataexporttool/) feature to let you export all the raw data related to campaigns and visitors for your Data Science team to analyze and unlock trends.
```

RudderStack supports Attribution as a destination to which you can seamlessly send your customer data.

<div class="successBlock">

>   Find the open-source transformer code for this destination in our <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-transformer/tree/master/v0/destinations/attribution">GitHub repository</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Find the open source transformer code for this destination in the <a href="https://github.com/rudderlabs/rudder-transformer/tree/master/v0/destinations/attribution">GitHub repository</a>.
```

</div>

## Getting started

Before configuring Attribution as a destination in RudderStack, verify if the source platform is supported by Attribution by referring to the table below:

| **Connection Mode** | **Web**       | **Mobile**    | **Server**    |
| :------------------ | :------------ | :------------ | :------------ |

> | **Device Mode**     | **-**         | **-**         | **-**         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Device Mode**     | -         | -         | -         |
```

> | **Cloud Mode**      | **Supported** | **Supported** | **Supported** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Cloud mode**      | **Supported** | **Supported** | **Supported** |
```

<div class="infoBlock">

>   To know more about the difference between the cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</a> guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To know more about the difference between the cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-cloud/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</a> guide.
```

</div>

> Perform the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Attribution, follow these steps:
```

- Configure the data source in RudderStack.

> - From the list of destinations, select **Attribution**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - Then, assign a name to the destination and click on **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Assign a name to the destination and click on **Continue**.
```

> - Select the data source and click on **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the data source and click on **Next**.
```

> - Enter the Attribution Project key to configure the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter your Attribution Project key to configure the destination.

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on getting your Attribution project key, refer to the <a href="#faq">FAQ</a> section below.
</div>
```

> - Your Attribution destination is now configured and enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Attribution destination is now configured and enabled in RudderStack.
```

A sample `track` call is as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track("Order Completed", {
  revenue: 77.6,
})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the <code class="inline-code">track</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

</div>

## Page

The [`page`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/page/) call lets you record your website's page views with any additional relevant information about the viewed page.

A sample `page` call is as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.page("Cart", "Cart Viewed", {
  path: "/cart",
  referrer: "test.com",
  search: "term",
  title: "test_item",
  url: "http://test.in",
})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the <code class="inline-code">page</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

</div>

## Group

> The `group` call lets you associate a particular identified user with a group, such as a company, organization, or an account. It also lets you record the custom traits associated with that group, such as the name of the group, number of employees, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`group`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/group/) call lets you link an identified user with a group such as a company, organization, or an account. It also lets you record any custom traits associated with that group like the name of the company, number of employees, etc.
```

A sample `group` call is as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.group("sample-group-id", {
  name: "Example Company",
  employees: 1000,
  industry: "Software",
});
```

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the <code class="inline-code">group</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

</div>

## Alias

> The alias call allows you to associate one user identity with another. This is quite useful in case of some destinations such as Mixpanel \(associating `anonymousId` with an identified user on signup\) or Kissmetrics \(when the user switches IDs\).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`alias`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/alias/) lets you merge different identities of a known user.
```

| **`to`**       | Required     | Denotes the new identifier                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **`from`**     | Optional     | Denotes the old identifier which will be an alias for the `to` parameter. If not provided, the SDK will populate this as the currently identified `userId`, or `anonymousId` in case of anonymous users. |
| **`options`**  | Optional     | This dictionary provides additional context to the event payload.                                                                                                                                        |
| **`callback`** | Optional     | This function gets executed after successful execution of the **`alias()`** method.                                                                                                                      |

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the `alias` call, refer to the [**RudderStack HTTP API Specification**](https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api/) guide.

</div>

> ## FAQs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FAQ
```

### How do I get the Attribution Project Key?

> To get the Attribution Project Key, got to https://dashboard.attributionapp.com, navigate to Settings and copy Attribution Project ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the Attribution Project Key, follow these steps:
1. Go to your [Attribution dashboard](https://dashboard.attributionapp.com).
2. Navigate to **Settings** and copy the **Attribution Project ID** associated with your project.
```

Reviewer: @mgz please confirm if these revisions look okay.

> ## Contact Us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contact us
```

> If you come across any issues while configuring or using Attribution with RudderStack, feel free to [contact us](mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com). You can also start a conversation in our [Slack](https://rudderstack.com/join-rudderstack-slack-community) community; we will be happy to talk to you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This integration has been built and maintained by Attribution**. For any queries, [contact the Attribution team](). You can also [contact us](mailto:%20contact@rudderstack.com) or start a conversation in our [Slack](https://rudderstack.com/join-rudderstack-slack-community).
```

Reviewer: @mgz please add a relevant contact for your team in the above suggestion. Thanks!

Author: @ameypv-rudder Done!👍

})
```

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the <code class="inline-code">page</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

</div>

## Group

The [`group`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/group/) call lets you link an identified user with a group such as a company, organization, or an account. It also lets you record any custom traits associated with that group like the name of the company, number of employees, etc.

A sample `group` call is as shown:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.group("sample-group-id", {
  name: "Example Company",
  employees: 1000,
  industry: "Software",
});
```

<div class="infoBlock">

For more information on the <code class="inline-code">group</code> call, refer to the <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/http-api">RudderStack HTTP API Specification</a> guide.

</div>

## Alias

The [`alias`](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/rudderstack-api/api-specification/rudderstack-spec/alias/) lets you merge different identities of a known user.

A sample `alias` call is as shown:

```javascript

> rudderanalytics.alias("to", "from", options, callback)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rudderanalytics.alias("user01", "previous01", options, callback)
```

```

The above `alias` call has the following parameters:

| **Parameter**  | **Presence** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| :------------- | :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **`to`**       | Required     | Denotes the new identifier                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`userId`**       | Required     | Denotes the new user identifier.                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
